let's face it the real place that you
want to come across a seagull is at sea
I guess this is just about the most
perfect backdrop you could ever hope for
and it's not just me I know that
everybody else on the crew it's got
their fingers crossed that we see one so
we've come to a spot where we know that
there's a seagull nests that in fact up
in these trees up here
we've already spotted with our
binoculars two adult birds and one
fairly young chick so in order to see
them hunting need to attract their
attention and we can do that using this
now I know that Eagles don't eat bread
but gulls do when the girls come in and
start feeding on it hopefully that'll
bring in our Eagles they're pretty
crafty creatures and within minutes
we're being mobbed by greedy gulls eager
to snatch a free meal should I get some
fish in yeah hopefully the commotion
will have got our Eagles attention so
now we throw in some of that favorite
food
it's thought they might have sightless
as much as eight times more powerful
than ours
so to be able to see all this commotion
all these girls or the food going into
the water from there it's pretty easy
for an eagle now we have to do is hope
that he can see the fish through our
binoculars we can see that they're
interested but not enough to take to the
air what's more all our fish are getting
gobbled up by those goals just one thing
left to try this is our last opportunity
surely no hungry eagle can resist a fish
suffered that big he's coming he's
coming that Eagles going got him on he's
got that fish in his sights where are we
looking then above the dead trees very
close now yes I see I see
oh he there is an incredible purpose
about his movement now actually look at
the size of it becomes whoa wow look at
that
yes amazing just snatched a piece of
fish right up a service in the water the
classic seagull catch
not many people can say that they've
seen that the white-tailed eagle has
officially earned its place on my deadly